#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Materials & Methods
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection
Softlithography
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Multilayer fluid master molds were fabricated using the positive photoresist
 SU8 (MicroChem, USA) and the negative photoresist SPR-220 7 (Dow Electronic
 Materials).
 Prior to resist depositing a 4” silicon wafer was cleaned with piranha
 solution, hydrofluoric acid and rinsed with DI water.
 After dry spinning, the substrate was dehydrated for 20 minutes at 200
 °C.
 As first layer of photoresist, a mixture of two different SU8 photoresists
 was used, to achieve a designated height of approx.
 1 µm.
 The photoresists SU8 2000.5 and SU8 2010 were properly mixed in a ratio
 of 24/88, with a total weight of 60 g.
 This mixture was spin coated onto the substrate at 500 rpm with an acceleration
 of 100 rpm/s for 10s and 2000 rpm with an acceleration of 300 RPM/s for
 30 s.
 Soft bake was performed at 65 °C for 90 seconds, 95 °C for 90 seconds and
 at last 65 °C for 60 seconds.
 Afterwards, the substrate was exposed to UV light (365 nm, 7 mW/cm²) for
 3 seconds using a mask aligner (MA-6, SUSS MicroTec, Germany) and a chromium
 dark field mask.
 Post-exposure bake was carried out at 65 °C for 60 seconds and 95 °C for
 60 seconds.
 Unexposed parts of photoresist were dissolved, by immersing the substrate
 in developer solution (mr-DEV 600, micro resist technology GmbH, Germany)
 for 60 seconds, then again in fresh developer solution for 40 seconds and
 in IPA for 20 seconds at last.
 Developed substrates were blow dried afterwards and hard baked for 10 minutes
 at 150 °C.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As second layer, the positive photoresist SPR-220 7 was spin coated onto
 the structured substrate at 500 rpm with an acceleration of 100 rpm/s for
 5 s and 2000 rpm with an acceleration of 300 rpm/s for 40 s.
 Prior to exposure, the substrate was baked for 4 minutes at 105 °C.
 Consequently, the photoresist was exposed to UV light (365 nm, 7 mW/cm²)
 for 60 seconds using a chromium brightfield mask.
 For development the substrate was immersed in developer solution (MF CD
 26, Dow Electronic Materials) for approximately 2 minutes.
 Afterwards the substrate was placed in fresh DI water for approximately
 5 minutes and eventually blow dried.
 To round the positive photoresist structures the substrate was placed onto
 a hotplate for 15 minutes at 115 °C.
 Control layer master molds were fabricated using a 4” silicon wafer which
 was cleaned with piranha solution, hydrofluoric acid and rinsed with DI
 water.
 A cleaned substrate was dehydrated at 200 °C for 20 minutes and coated
 with the negative photoresist SU8 2010 at 500 rpm with an acceleration
 of 100 rpm/s for 10 s and 4000 rpm with an acceleration of 300 rpm/s for
 30 s.
 After deposition the substrate was baked at 65 °C for 15 minutes and 95
 °C for 60 minutes.
 For structuring the photoresist it was exposed to UV light (365 nm, 7 mW/cm²)
 for 12 s using a chromium darkfield mask.
 Post-exposure bake was carried out 65 °C for 5 minutes and 95 °C for 3
 minutes.
 Consequently, the development was done as described for fluid master molds.
 At last the structures were hard baked for 6 hours at 150 °C.
 Both substrates were treated with Trichloromethylsilane (CH3SiCl3, Carl
 Roth, Germany).
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Multilayered microfluidic PDMS chips were fabricated from different ratios
 of PDMS (Sylgard 184, Dow Corning).
 Two mixtures were prepared, 15 g with a ratio of 20:1 and 30 g with a ratio
 of 5:1, and degased for 30 minutes.
 The fluid layer was created by spin coating (SPIN 150, SPS-Europe B.V., Netherlan
ds) the 20:1 mixture of PDMS onto the two layered master mold at 2750 rpm
 with an acceleration of 275 rpm/s for 70 s, leading to an approximately
 height of 30 µm.
 The control layer was molded by pouring the 5:1 mixture of PDMS onto the
 SU8 2010 structured substrate.
 Both molds were placed inside a convection oven to partially cure at 80
 °C for 25 minutes.
 Consequently, the control layer was released from the mold, cut into pieces
 and roughly cleaned with scotch tape.
 Control layer pieces were placed onto the fluid layer and aligned, before
 irreversible bonding both layers at 80 °C for 1 hour.
 Afterwards individual chips were released from the fluid layer to punch
 inlets and outlets.
 Prior to experiments each chip was roughly cleaned with acetone, isopropanol
 and scotch tape.
 For high resolution microscopy a cleaned chip was bonded onto a 170 µm
 thick glass plate using an oxygen plasma generator (Femto, Diener Electronic,
 Germany).
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
